Day 5 blog post (#10)
msse-2021-bootcamp/team2-blog: _posts/2021-08-13-Day-5-Post.md

---
layout: post
title: "Amazon has delivered a Python Package!"
author: Usman Jamshed
---

# Packages !

> Code organization is an important aspect of software development. Making program packages is a great way to organize your code and make your code accesibile to share with others. Once your code is in a package you can import the package like NumPy and Random and use all the functions in the package. This cleans up the code you would have to write and lets you reuse code/functions you have already created easily. To start you should create a folder which will servere as your package and place your code inside of it. Then you should create a new file called setup.py and place the following code in it:

Author: ```suggestion
Code organization is an important aspect of software development. Making program packages is a great way to organize your code and make your code accessible to share with others. Once your code is in a package you can import the package like NumPy and Random and use all the functions in the package. This cleans up the code you would have to write and lets you reuse code/functions you have already created easily. To start you should create a folder which will serve as your package and place your code inside of it. Then you should create a new file called setup.py and place the following code in it:
```
